Update singlestore destination doc (#7833)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-singlestore/index.md

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

### Finding your SingleStore connection settings

> To connect Segment to SingleStore, use the SingleStore Data API (typically on port 443). Follow these steps to enable and locate your Data API connection settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect Segment to SingleStore, use the SingleStore Data API (typically on port `443`). Follow these steps to enable and locate your Data API connection settings:
```

1. Head to the [SingleStore Portal](https://portal.singlestore.com){:target="_blank"}.
2. Select **Deployments**.

> 3. Choose your Workspace and Database within the list of Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose your **Workspace** and **Database** within the list of deployments.
```

> 4. From the Connect dropdown, select **Connect to your own app**. SingleStore will display the the key settings you need to connect your SingleStore database to Segment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. From the **Connect** dropdown, select **Connect to your own app**. SingleStore will display the the key settings you need to connect your SingleStore database to Segment. 
```

> **Note:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**:  
```

- The Data API is enabled by default for all SingleStore Cloud workspaces.  

> - Segment always uses the Data API (typically on port 443).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Segment always uses the Data API (typically on port `443`).  
```

> - If you are using a self-hosted or development SingleStore deployment (such as the SingleStore-dev image), the Data API may run on a different port. Refer to your deployment’s documentation or settings to confirm the correct port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use a self-hosted or development SingleStore deployment (such as the SingleStore-dev image), the Data API may run on a different port. Refer to your deployment’s documentation or settings to confirm the correct port.
```

> For more details, see the [SingleStore Data API documentation](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/reference/data-api/){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [SingleStore Data API documentation](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/reference/data-api/){:target="_blank"}.
```

## Database structure
Segment writes data to your specified table in SingleStore (by default, this is `segment_data`) using the following schema:

| Column |	Type	| Description |
| -------- | ------ |  ----------- |
| `messageId` |	TEXT |	A unique identifier for the event to ensure there is no duplication. |
| `timestamp` |	Datetime(6) |	The timestamp of when the event was generated |

> | `type` |	TEXT |	The type of the event (e.g., "track", "identify", "page", "screen", "group", "alias"). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type` |	TEXT |	The type of the event (for example, Track, Identify, Page, Screen, Group, or Alias). |
```

> | `event` |	TEXT |	The name of the event. Only required for "track" events. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `event` |	TEXT |	The name of the event. Only required for Track events. |
```

| `name` |	TEXT |	The name of the page or screen. |

> | `properties` | JSON |	The properties of the track, page or screen event. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `properties` | JSON |	The properties of the Track, Page or Screen event. |
```

| `userId` |	TEXT |	The user ID associated with the event. |
| `anonymousId` |  TEXT |	The anonymous ID associated with the event. |
| `groupId` |  TEXT |	The group ID associated with the event. |
| `traits` |  JSON |	The traits of the user associated with the event. |
| `context` |	JSON |	The context of the event. Contains user environment information. |

### Accessing nested data
To query nested information from the `traits`, `context`, or `properties` JSON columns, use the `::` operator to access nested properties within the JSON column. For example:

To extract a property1 from the `properties` column:
```sql
SELECT properties::property1 AS property_1 FROM <your_table_name>;
```

This query allows you to extract specific nested properties from the JSON column for analysis.

## Troubleshooting

> > **Note:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""  
```

* Ensure that the user has the necessary permissions to write to the database.

### Data Not Appearing in SingleStore
If events are not recorded in the specified table:
* Verify that your sources are correctly sending data to Segment.
* Check the event types to ensure they are supported.
* Review your SingleStore database logs for any errors.

> ## Frequently Asked Questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Frequently asked questions
```
